The goal of this project is to build ultra efficient micropython code for the
BiomeLX greenhouse project.

The code runs on a RasPi Zero (soon to be W) and allows function of the follwing
components:

2 servos that must always operate simultaneously located on pins GP14 and GP15.
These servos open and close the canopy of the greenhouse.

A waveshare 2.13" eink display oriented in portrait mode. The pinout is as follows:

VCC         Pin 36	3V3(OUT) (3.3V Power)
GND         Pin 38 (or any GND)	GND (Ground)
DIN         Pin 25	GP19 (SPI0 TX)
CLK         Pin 24	GP18 (SPI0 SCK)
CS          Pin 22	GP17 (SPI0 CSn)
DC          Pin 21	GP16 (Standard GPIO)
RST         Pin 17	GP13 (Standard GPIO)
BUSY        Pin 16	GP12 (Standard GPIO)

The eink display should show:
- Current external and internal temperature, humidity, and pressure (adding later)
- Current battery level/current (adding batt monitoring later)
- Current solar input level/current (adding solar monitoring later)
- Current weather (pull from web later)
- Current state of system (closed or open)

Two BME280 sensors will monitor external and internal temperature

A INA3221 Triple-Channel Shunt Current Voltage Monitor Sensor will measure voltage
and current between battery and between solar cells

Two switches (one side ground, one side signal) on GP8 and GP9 that should have pullup set
to correctly detect presses


Efficiency:

The system should go into a deep sleep and wake up every 10 minutes to update the eink display
based on all sensor reading. It also turns on wifi and attempts to connect to the specified wifi
network. If successful, it updates its time from the web along with weather info. If it can't get new
time info it keeps time using internal (so this is most useful after a reboot)
 All sensor readings should be recorded to a log file (csv is fine)

A new csv is created every reboot but only 4 csvs exist maximum (so oldest gets overwritten)
.
In addition, pressing either of the buttons should wake up the mcu from
deep sleep. The buttons should also do the following:

Button 1 toggles wireless mode. When pressed, the pi doesn't enter deep sleep, and connects to the specified wifi
network.
Button 2 opens or closes the system with the servos

In servo case, when a button is pressed, the screen displays what the button is doing in large text across the screen
 (opening or closing) and then reverts to the UI after 5 seconds

In wifi case, when in wifi on (debug mode) the screen displays the wifi status (connecting or connected) and the IP address.
If it can't connect to the specified network within 30 seconds, it creates an access point.

In either case, it hosts a web server with a simple UI that allows you to edit the contents of the config.py file
(any variable is exposed to editing) and then a button that performs a hard reset

There is also an option to download any of the log files

If 1 minute has passed without button presses (and not in wifi mode), the mcu goes back to deep sleep


UI:

At the top in large text is BiomeLX with a smaller open or closed next to internal

Two boxes next to each other horizontally say Internal and External at the top, and then the
temperature in large text, then humidity, then pressure below and in smaller text

Another box spanning the width shows xx.xV and batt underneath in smaller text, and xx.xV and 
solar underneath in smaller text

Finally, bottom box shows current weather on the left:

(time hh:mm)
(dawn/day/dusk/night)
(sun %)
(rain %)
(rain 3h %)

And on the right:
(wifi icon if connected to wifi)
(battery icon if normal or battery with + if in power saver)